# Securing-.NET-Core-WebAPI-using-JWT-Authentication
This repo contains different solutions to secure .NET core API using JWT authentication

Solution 1:
In this solution, JWT Token generation and validation in the same Application
  1. Client calls API Login Method. On Successful Login, Token is generated and sent as reponse to the client.
  2. Client attaches the bearer token while sending subsequent requests to API
  3. Token is validated by the API. On succesful token validation, the request is processed by the API




Solution 2:
In this solution, We have 2 Projects. 
   1. Demo API 
   2. Authentication API 
   
Token is generated by the Authentication API and validated by the Demo API.
  1. Client calls Demo API Login Method. Demo API redirects the request to Authentication API
  2. Authentication API validates the credentials. On Successful Login, It generates token and sends it to Demo API.
  3. Demo API returns the token to the Client. 
  4. Client attaches the bearer token while sending subsequent requests to Demo API.
  5. Token is validated by the Demo API. On succesful token validation, the request is processed by the Demo API.

In this scenario, the Client only interacts with Demo API. Authentication API is hidden from client.





Solution 3:
In this solution, we have 2 Projects.
   1. Demo API 
   2. Authentication API   

Token is generated by the Authentication API and validated by the Demo API.

  1. Client calls Authentication API Login Method. 
  2. Authentication API validates the credentials. On Successful Login, It generates token and sends it as reponse to the client.
  3. Client attaches the bearer token while sending subsequent requests to Demo API.
  4. Token is validated by the Demo API. On succesful token validation, the request is processed by the Demo API.

In this scenario, the Client interacts with both Authentication API and Demo API. 
   
 
